it's a way of exchange à r del san roque
thought that zé love rock n roll and
[Music]
neighbors
still connected to soccer the same books
jobs don't rhyme de niva sound their own
exchange of favors that decided each
tasting room  who says our words
well every hair he threw in the guild
from the beginning whoever is really in charge
comments about god you turn 16 or please
don't favor the cause of the forest farm
[Music]
ends up holding the study of the effect at the
ritz hotel dora speaks  today deceased but
also that it will be 20 tomorrow and it was
quite dry rein
me as well as the team had its origins in
kaká mendonça do im warned the younger
brother then of wismond spanish goalkeeper
btn even arriving the opposition
continues to iron and the han huai  cloudy sky
and light rain